Add diagrams to further enhance Target Allocator documentation - #2229 (#2230)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: cmd/otel-allocator/README.md

## Even Distribution of Prometheus Targets

The Target Allocator's first job is to discover targets to scrape and collectors to allocate targets to. Then it can distribute the targets it discovers among the collectors. This means that the OTel Collectors collect the metrics instead of a Prometheus [scraper](https://uzxmx.github.io/prometheus-scrape-internals.html). 

> The [Prometheus Receivers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/prometheusreceiver/README.md) on the Collectors then query the target allocator to ingest Metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Prometheus Receivers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/prometheusreceiver/README.md) on the Collectors then query the target allocator for endpoints to scrape metrics from.
```

![Diagram depicting target distribution functionality for the target allocator](images/otel_ta_target_distribution.jpeg)

## Discovery of Prometheus Custom Resources

> The Target Allocator also provides for the discovery of [Prometheus Operator CRs](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/Documentation/user-guides/getting-started.md), namely the [ServiceMonitor and PodMonitor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/tree/main/cmd/otel-allocator#target-allocator). The ServiceMonitor and the PodMonitor don’t do any scraping themselves; their purpose is to inform the Target Allocator (or Prometheus) to add a new job to their scrape configuration. The Target Allocator then adds the job to the OTel Collector’s [Prometheus Receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/prometheusreceiver/README.md)’s scrape configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Target Allocator also provides for the discovery of [Prometheus Operator CRs](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/Documentation/user-guides/getting-started.md), namely the [ServiceMonitor and PodMonitor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/tree/main/cmd/otel-allocator#target-allocator). The ServiceMonitors and the PodMonitors purpose is to inform the Target Allocator (or PrometheusOperator) to add a new job to their scrape configuration. The Target Allocator then provides the jobs to the OTel Collector [Prometheus Receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/prometheusreceiver/README.md). 
```
